[Never-Ending Summer]
[Episode 19]
Will you stay?
Can't it be me?
Does it have to be Lu Xixiao?
Am I that bad?
Jiang Yan.
I've always treated you as a friend.
Has something happened
To you lately?
I have my answer now.
I wish you well.
What are you doing?
We are going to Beijing.
What do you need these bugs for?
Didn't I say
Not to rent out the house?
I'm doing this for your own good.
If I'm there to take care of you,
You'll be able to focus on your studies.
You are just fulfilling
Your own expectations.
I raised you all by myself.
I lived frugally.
My only wish was for you to make something of yourself
And never be looked down on.
Saying that,
Where is your conscience?
Stop talking.
I've heard enough of this.
You only care about my grades.
You have never
Cared about how I feel.
Where did
These wounds
And these clothes come from?
When I'm out there,
I am looked down upon.
No matter how hard I try...
No matter how hard I try,
In others' eyes,
I'm just an illegitimate child.
Jiang Yan, you...
If you're an illegitimate child,
Then what am I?
What do I have in this life?
I only have you.
Only you.
Yan.
Yan, where are you going?
Jiang Yan!
Come on, bro, have a seat.
Why did you only get 3 bottles?
Bro,
We're out of money.
Why are we out of money?
I asked you to catch someone,
And you just couldn't do it.
A bunch of losers.
Bro,
You hit someone?
Don't I already look like an idiot?
No, no, no.
I mean your bottle cap hit someone.
What are you looking at?
I'm talking to you. What are you looking at?
Bro, bro.
He seems to be a friend of that little liar.
The top student behind that little liar.
That's right.
Mr. Straight-A.
Even Mr. Straight-A drinks?
You are not good enough for her.
She ran away with Lu Xixiao
A long time ago.
Come on.
Cheers.
Who said that?
I did.
Got a problem?
She is back.
She returned to Pingchuan.
But even if she's back,
So what?
I'm not good enough for her.
She's back.
She's back?
I'm not good enough for her.
Come on, let's drink.
Mr. Straight-A.
She's back.
Go away! Help!
Let's go! Hurry!
Help!
What do you want?
So noisy!
Help!
Zhou Wan.
You forced me to do this.
Help!
You're awake,
Little liar.
Perfect.
Let's talk business.
Let me go.
What do you want?
We can talk.
What did you just say?
What was that?
What do you want?
What do I want?
Do you think I'd believe you?
You and Lu Xixiao
Really screwed me over.
Nice going.
You made me lose my job,
My boss,
And left me drowning in debt.
Lu Xixiao.
I can give you
All my money.
Phone. Phone.
Luo He.
Lu Xixiao.
The shy rose
Blooms quietly.
Look.
What should I do?
Hello? What's wrong?
Where are you?
Hello.
Xixiao.
Long time no see.
Where is Zhou Wan?
Come to
The address
I'll send you later.
Come alone.
Otherwise, your little girlfriend
Is going to cry miserably.
Where is she?
Don't believe me?
He doesn't believe it.
Come on, say something.
Let me tell you,
You little liar.
If he doesn't come,
You'll suffer.
Come on, say something.
Say something.
Luo He.
If you dare lay a finger on her today,
You're dead, you know that?
Say something!
Zhou Wan.
Don't come over.
I told you to speak, but you wouldn't.
Luo He, you're asking for it.
Don't be so angry.
Xixiao.
Come alone to the address
I'll send you.
Lu Xixiao!
I don't have that much patience.
When I told you to speak,
You wouldn't.
I told you to speak, and you wouldn't.
Here he comes.
Don't move.
Zhou Wan.
-Zhou Wan! -Don’t move.
-Come on. -Zhou Wan.
Zhou Wan.
Zhou Wan!
Don't move, don't move.
Zhou Wan.
Lu Xixiao.
Go on. Move.
Come on. Come on.
Put the knife down.
Come on.
Move.
Go ahead.
Come on, try again.
Try it.
Come on.
Not moving anymore?
Being good now?
Come on.
Xu Feng.
The metal bar.
-You really care about her. -It's okay.
-You still love her so much. -It's okay.
I'm fine.
No!
You're here.
You really came.
What exactly do you want?
Kneel.
-Kneel! -He said to kneel.
-Kneel! -Kneel!
Don't do it, Lu Xixiao.
Kneel down.
He told you to kneel.
You two.
Both of you.
One keeps making trouble for me.
The other cuts off my livelihood.
Are you ever going to stop?
Kneel.
Don't kneel.
Hurry.
Kneel down right now.
Fine.
You won't kneel, right?
Kneel before me.
Or else,
I can't guarantee what happens next.
No.
No!
Lu Xixiao.
He knelt.
No!
No.
Shut up!
Whatever you've got, take it out on me!
I will. I will.
No, Lu Xixiao.
Stand up.
Lu Xixiao.
Look at you now.
The phone.
Stay on your knees.
Lu Xixiao, stand up.
Come on.
Straighten your body a bit.
Come on, kneel up straight.
Keep your hands in place.
Keep your mouth shut.
Open your eyes wide.
Good, good.
Yes, just like this, with red eyes.
How is it?
What should the title be?
Are you satisfied?
Let her go.
Let me come up with a title first.
How about we write the title as
"Lu Xixiao Kneels and Kowtows Like a Dog
To Apologize"?
How is this title?
This is pretty good.
Like a dog.
I think it's pretty good too.
What do you think?
Say something.
Say something! What do you think?
You two
Sure have guts.
But sorry,
I specialize in dealing with tough guys.
Today,
Either you break a leg,
Or she breaks an arm.
Come after me.
Leave her alone.
Luo He.
I might rip your arm off.
Choose.
Do whatever you want with me.
Come after me.
I'll stab you to death!
It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
Lu Xixiao.
It's okay.
Don't worry.
Lu Xixiao.
Somebody!
Help!
Lu Xixiao!
Team One, secure the scene.
Team Two, secure the perimeter.
-Yes, sir. -Yes, sir.
Quick, save them.
Stretcher and first aid kit!
Call the hospital. Tell them to prepare for an emergency.
How is the situation?
Dad.
It's okay now.
How is the situation?
I am asking you!
Is this the outcome
You wanted?
You are still a kid.
I suppose
You didn't want this to happen either.
Xixiao chose to go.
That was his decision.
When Xixiao was little,
He was a very good boy.
Unfortunately,
Too many things happened later,
And his personality changed.
But it's all because
He lost too much in the past,
So he didn't dare to take anyone
Or anything too seriously.
Until he met you.
I can tell
That Xixiao likes you very much.
You are different to him.
And because of that,
I am telling you this.
Xixiao is different from you.
He's a Lu.
So,
The things you did
Will ultimately
Only put him in a very passive position.
If he hadn't met you,
He might never have had to
Face this situation in his life.
I know
Xixiao's father
Has already talked to you.
You didn't give an answer.
Now I am here to talk to you.
It is not a deal,
But a request.
As his grandpa,
I beg you not to disrupt
The smooth-sailing life he was meant to have.
Promise me,
Leave Xixiao.
Promise me.
As soon as Lu Xixiao is safely discharged,
I will leave.
Make it as soon as possible.
The Lu family spent
So much effort cultivating him.
It's not for him
To live this kind of life with you.
I'm sorry.
I was too selfish.
I've caused you trouble.
Dad, the surgery is over.
Xixiao has been taken to the ward.
The doctor said once the anesthesia wears off,
He will wake up.
Good.
Take me to see him. Hurry!
Okay.
Qilan.
You must not let any outsiders
Disturb him.
If anything happens to him,
Let me know right away.
My father is in poor health.
He can't handle such turmoil.
I've got my hands full
For now.
During this time,
I'll trouble you to take care of Xixiao.
Don't worry.
From now on, I'll keep a close eye on him.
Okay, no need to see us out.
We're leaving.
Okay.
Ms. Chen.
Miss Zhou.
It's not that I won't help you.
Mr. Lu Sr. and Ms. Qilan
Specifically told me
Not to let outsiders into the ward.
Could I please ask you
To bring the chicken soup in?
This way, when Lu Xixiao wakes up,
He'll have some hot soup to drink.
No problem.
-Leave it to me. -Thank you.
Thank you.
Sorry to trouble you.
[Keep Noise Down] [Quiet]
I'll get it.
I'll do it.
Be careful, it's hot.
[Keep Noise Down] [Quiet]
It's time to change the IV bag.
I didn't press the call button.
It was the girl out there
Who reminded me.
Excuse me.
How is he?
He hasn't woken up yet.
The doctor said Xixiao is much better.
You can go in and see him.
This is the first time I've seen you so quiet.
I'm really not used to it.
Luo He has been arrested.
The police said he faces criminal charges
And might be sentenced to several years.
He won't have another chance
To cause me trouble ever again.
I'm sorry.
It's all because of me.
[Outpatient Clinic; Outpatient Building]
You're awake.
Take this off for me.
You were sleeping so soundly.
I'll go get the doctor for you.
No need.
I just want to stay with you for a while.
I'm hungry.
I brought you some chicken soup.
But it might have cooled down a bit.
How about I go back
And heat it up again?
No need.
Give it to me.
Mr. Lu, Ms. Qilan, you're both here.
The doctor said the surgery was very successful,
And he's fine,
So they took all the equipment away.
That's good.
You...
Sorry.
I'll go out now.
Why are you...
You kid,
Why are you so spoiled?
One person's not enough for you?
You need two?
I'm a patient now.
Even if I asked for ten,
Grandpa would agree.
I think even if you had
A hundred,
They wouldn't be as satisfying as this one.
Dad,
You see, Xixiao got injured
Because of Zhou Wan.
It's only right for her
To come over and take care of him.
You really make me worry.
Fine.
As long as you can get better as soon as possible,
You can do whatever you want.
Ms. Chen,
Take the nutritional supplements
We brought from home.
Keep an eye on him
And make sure he eats them all.
Qilan,
Let's go.
I'll go help Ms. Chen.
I'm not used to the food at Grandpa's house.
I still want to drink chicken soup.
Sit here and feed me.
Zhou Wan.
You have to take responsibility for me.
We've already talked about this.
I asked you to leave Xixiao,
And you agreed.
Why aren't you keeping your word?
I haven't forgotten.
But can I just wait
Until he is completely recovered?
The longer this drags on,
The more damage it will do.
You're a smart girl.
You must understand this.
I beg you.
Just until he's discharged.
Please.
I am begging you.
I apologize to you.
I'm sorry.
I beg of you.
Until he's discharged.
[Inpatient Building]
I made all this according
To the doctor's instructions.
Eat more,
So you can recover faster.
You're here.
Time to eat.
I was about to starve to death if you didn't come.
Does your wound still hurt?
It stopped hurting a long time ago.
Really?
Really.
You're not lying to me?
I'm not.
Beef with broccoli,
Zucchini with eggs,
And king oyster mushrooms with meat.
So bland.
You don't like them?
Of course not.
I love everything you make.
How is it?
Then eat more.
Feed me a bite.
I'm afraid this will drop.
Open your mouth.
Done.
If you feel unwell,
Tell us anytime.
Hello,
Who is this?
Eat.
Help me eat some. I can't finish it.
I prepared this for you.
I knew it.
Here.
Which one do you want?
Anything is fine.
I'm begging you. Promise me
You'll leave Xixiao.
If you keep getting entangled with him like this,
It will only ruin Xixiao.
He should have had
A smooth-sailing life.
Promise me.
Leave Xixiao when he gets better.
Lu Xixiao.
I don't know how much longer
I'll be able to stay by your side.
You've almost fully recovered.
You can be discharged in a couple of days.
After you're discharged,
You still need to rest
And avoid strenuous exercise
So your wound doesn't tear open.
Get some good rest.
Thank you, doctor.
Doctor.
Are you sure he's fully recovered?
Does he need another
Full-body checkup or something?
Checkup?
Didn't he just have one a few days ago?
Don't worry.
He's a strong
And healthy young man,
So he recovers quickly.
Don't worry.
Thank you, doctor.
You're welcome.
Thank you so much.
What?
Don't want me to be discharged?
I'm just worried.
What is there to worry about?
I happen to miss Xiaoliu anyway.
I'll go see it.
What good food did you make today?
I asked the doctor.
He said you don't have to follow a strict diet anymore.
I specially prepared this for you.
Noodles with Three Delicacies.
I thought I wouldn't get to eat this
Until I was discharged.
Let me feed you.
It's fine. I can do it.
It's the same as before.
Come pick me up when I'm discharged in a few days.
Why did you only buy one portion?
I'm not hungry.
I don't want to eat.
When I'm discharged,
Move in with me.
When I'm a bit better,
I'll talk to Grandpa.
We'll go back to Yicheng.
Let's discuss it after you're discharged.
I want to eat
The bread downstairs.
I haven't had it in a long time.
Before you're discharged,
I'll go buy some.
Wait for me.